Add "Good Practices" section in the contributing guide (#884)
apache/polaris: CONTRIBUTING.md

* [SDKMAN!](https://sdkman.io/) follow the installation instructions, then run `sdk list java` to see the available distributions and versions, then run `sdk install java <identifer from list>` using the identifier for the distribution and version (>= 21) of your choice.
* [jenv](https://www.jenv.be/) If on a Mac you can use jenv to set the appropriate SDK.

## Good Practices

* Change of public interface (or more generally speaking Polaris extension point) should be discussed and approved on the dev mailing list.
  The discussion on the dev mailing list should happen before any change Pull Request.

> * Using git (`git log`), you can find the original authors of the code you are modifying. If you need, feel free to tag the author in your Pull Request comment if you need assistance or review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `git log` you can help you find the original/relevant authors of the code you are modifying. If you need, feel free to tag the author in your Pull Request comment if you need assistance or review.
```

> * `git log` you can help you find the original/relevant authors of the code you are modifying. If you need, feel free to tag the author in your Pull Request comment if you need assistance or review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `git log` can help you find the original/relevant authors of the code you are modifying. If you need, feel free to tag the author in your Pull Request comment if you need assistance or review.
```

Reviewer: A typo

Reviewer: Other than this: +1 on this change

* Use a single Pull Request related to the same changes: don't close a Pull Request to create another one. The purpose here is to keep the history and all comments in the Pull Request.

> * Consider all comments in your Pull Request, provide replies and resolve all pending comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Consider open questions and concerns in all comments of your Pull Request, provide replies and resolve addressed comments, if those don't serve reference purposes.
```
